Updating Databricks Setup Guide with suggestions on connection type (#5348)
segmentio/segment-docs: src/connections/reverse-etl/reverse-etl-source-setup-guides/databricks-setup.md

1. Log in to your Databricks account.
2. Navigate to **Workspaces** and select the workspace you want to use. 
3. Select **SQL** in the main navigation. 

> 4. Select **SQL Warehouses** and select the warehouse you want to use. Note that Segment does not support Compute.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
4. Select **SQL Warehouses** and select the warehouse you want to use. Note that Segment doesn't support the `Compute` connection parameter.
```

5. Go to the **Connection details** tab.
6. In a new tab on your browser, go to the Segment app. 
7. Navigate to **Connections > Sources > Reverse ETL**.
8. Click **+ Add Reverse ETL source**. 
9. Select **Databricks** and click **Add Source**. 
10. Enter the configuration settings for your Databricks source. 
    * Copy the Hostname, Http Path, and Port from the Databricks console from step 5.

>     * The Http Path in the above step should contain `/sql/1.0/warehouses`. Note that Segment does not support `/sql/protocolv1`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    * The Http Path in the above step should contain `/sql/1.0/warehouses`. Note that Segment doesn't support `/sql/protocolv1`.
```
